Why did someone next door help you?
That's just right to pay back the money.
No, no, no.
No Hu
Why are you here?
Why am I here? Don't you know?
Ah, Old Man Wang's money
Brother Hu, you know
Our Lin family
Now all business is capped
No information on the account
Even banks
There is really no money to pay
No money to pay
Then who is he?
Not that
Can you help your neighbor with everything?
Brother Hu, you mean him?
He's not worth mentioning.
He was served by a KTV waiter
Whimsically want to take our neighbor's daughter
So he was talking big in the train.
Hahaha is it?
A waiter can also take a daughter from the neighbor
Don't you have any self-knowledge?
Ah, you are also worthy to marry your neighbor and move forward
Have a look.
Oh, how beautiful!
Only I can deserve it.
The little lady followed me
I wiped out all your neighbor's debts
Hey girl, this is mine
Sun Shao likes sideburns
We are planning to connect with the Sun family
What, do you want to be the grandson of the Sun family?
Do you think Lao Tzu's Tiger Gate is his Sun family?
No no no that's not what it means
What do you mean?
I don't think I deserve him
I still don't want to pay my money back